Add AzureCloudInstance to JS libraries (#4106)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/FAQ.md

The `authority` string that you need to supplant to MSAL app configuration is not explicitly listed among the **Endpoint** links on `Azure Portal/AzureAD/App Registration/Overview` page. It is simply the domain part of a `/token` or `/authorize` endpoint, followed by the tenant name or ID e.g. `https://login.microsoftonline.com/common`.

## What does authority string default to if I provide "authority" and "azureCloudOptions"?

> If the developer provides `azureCloudOptions`, we overwrite any value provided in the `authority`. We also make sure we give preference to these options provided in a `request` over what is set when the msal initializes in the `configuration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the developer provides `azureCloudOptions`, MSAL.js will overwrite any value provided in the `authority`. MSAL.js will also give preference to parameters provided on a given request over what is set in the `PublicClientApplication` configuration.
```

Author: Added more changes
